you need one in the bathroom now
hallodri like youtube again before outside
some years I have to
christmas heitz zwickler desired
because i always magazine i believe
have read that these are the lure
the totally super easy and of course
are glamorous and that's why I have
thought suitable for the season
maybe the wish list maybe
as a gift tip I show you how to
with heinz winkler
attract these makes in front of her old
Dieselloc and you need exactly
this device that are hot winder the
come up with a role that you can heat
can and does exist in different ways
sizes for different users
Curls
this includes these clips with those
The curlers land attached to the head
will be different from each case
At the beginning you would be your hair
so that no comedy arises
then divide your hair but in size
here you want to have the curls if you
So have big sacrificing wanted him happy
piece then develops the hair on the
curlers on from bottom to top
clean up and then attach the
curler on the top of the head with this
clip that 's just the snap
simple and zack
in rome so and that does not stay that way
I'll show you again you take yourselves
So a strand brushes through and
then take you a curler and
I did not turn around that
the lure outward as I turn the
hair away from the face that opens then
namely the curls and your face
works like a ditch and not like that
shut up if you understand what I mean
my
I come with all the highlights with gloss
for the head as need about 15
agree and need to fix
I average ten to 15 minutes
So looks about one
minute
but then you have the remedy
By the way, on the back of the head, namely the hair
so forward who has a long hair
we perhaps a small tip
3 and then roll it on the back of your head
When you're done, you have something
It looks like this and I have one
a little bit afraid that the lure clear
not every cliff falls down
Keep moving
That's why I really like a cloth
here the widow bolte on the head that
fix everything you have everything in place
and can not lure again
roll out first
so you are also perfectly styled for the
House cleaning in any case would have to suffice
let time pass that the
curlers can perform with me
takes about half an hour and
then i'll take that too and schnaps
then the first beers shoot down
beautiful
then you're really fix you take the
clips away from the curlers and the
then usually roll off already
By the way, by the way, that's the time
needs to cool down could be easy
Use your make- up around you
to prepare and to prepare
alluring to make his last
step from styling
By the way, this is also totally fix
and no more than three minutes you are
After that, you just have to be curious
still with your fingers apart
so they defined each other
pass over
the sweater right so much that I have
like it here and then the whole thing with
fix hairspray
then you should be exactly these big ones
defined beautiful curls have so
is simple as this it is totally fix
idiot-proof because at least I get
also with it and me would
Are you interested in heinz winkler ?
had like the bag writes me in the
Comments
and if you do so imitate these
Hairstyle then you are welcome to join me
facebook twitter or instagram the
whole left with the infobox
show your result of it and that
nice is that you can vary halt
if you take very small ones
and one would lure us then
smaller defined curls or if you like
you only have to take the big ones
really choose the so hollywood
but I am very happy with this result
I would have to be satisfied with the ponies now
just a little blow dry or
grows up
but otherwise I am glad that you
looked at the video and since we're up
next time
over and out stop the action
with the caps on the click on the
picture from to the last video and forget
do not leave a comment on it
bye